Hey guys.
Welcome to the beginning of the course then for getting started.
So what is the overview of this course going to be then.
So in summary I'm designing this course.
How how do we get you into multiplayer.
Well the first thing really is just using Unity's Bill unreel was rather built in facilities just running
two instances of the game on the same machine.
Just connect two instances together.
But the easiest way to do that is over a network.
So how we manage to do that and yet still allow the students to operate over the Internet.
Yes so in this section we are going to be talking all about how to get connected on the same machine
and then we're going to be using a service called amachi which basically extends a local network beyond
your own local network to other uses computers.
So Section 1 VPN connect to somebody else.
Good fun but only suitable for a local network so that sets up the pain that we need to be thinking
about connecting over the Internet if we're going to connect to somebody over the Internet a little
bit more anonymously.
You're going to need a lot more affordance a lot more information about how you're getting on making
that connection which means that it puts a lot of pressure on you.
So in Section 2 we focus on you.
What's an overview of the U.S..
So in the i.s. we're just going to be looking at how we can implement complex you guys with submenus
in C++.
So previously we've done it all in blue print and now we're going to have a C++ underpinning and we
teach you how that can tie in with the useful bits of blueprint of data reboot on your eyes are essential
for knowing where you are in trying to connect to somebody over the web.
Then in section 3 we've chosen steam as our first platform to show you how to connect to somebody over
the web.
We look to all sorts of different options and we have to take into account the fact that we want to
make sure that you can get access to this thing without having to pay too much money and a whole load
of other factors and we've come down to steelmaker run a fantastic facility.
So in section 3 we'll show you how to connect to somebody else.
Exactly exactly.
So yeah let's get started in this section where we're going to be once again connecting between instances
on the same machine or on the local network and getting a general overview of how the multiplayer space
looks with real.